>> Kent: Let's make our assertion
much more assertive I guess?
Does that make any sense?
Yeah, okay, so
this is the monkey-patching solution.
We're basically going
to take the utils and
swap out the getWinner function
before we call this thumbwar so
that thumbwar is calling R and
our version of that function.
So import oops,
import * as utils from '../utils'.
And then here we'll say
utils.getWinner = {p1,
p2}, and of course, always returns player2
cuz let's be honest in
a thumbwar between me and
Ken, it's gonna be me every time.
I'm actually terrified that we'd actually
do a thumbwar here just destroy me.
So we'll do Kent C Dodds.
Sorry, let's do the winner
to be Kent C Dodds.
And save that, and
our test should be passing.
Let's just make sure
that things can break.
Yeah, so cool.
So this is my keypatching.
One problem with this that
I haven't done yet is now,
we've changed this getWinner
implementation for all of our tests.
And so something that you need to do
is keep the original getWinner utility.
So let's say originalGetWinner
= utiles.getWinner.
And then you'll wanna restore that
at the end of your test [COUGH]
to make sure that any other test
that are using this module don't
also blow up because they are relying
on this actually running or whatever.
>> Kent: Cool so what are questions
you have about this exercise?
Anything, nothing?
Okay, cool, does anybody see potential
problems with this approach?
>> Kent: So I'll give you a hint.
So I've got an eslintrc in here
that disables a linting rule
called import/namespace.
This is the ESLint plugin import.
And what this rule actually ensures,
if I turn this back on, or I'll do warn.
>> Kent: It ensures that you don't make
changes to anything that you import,
at least not on the name space.
So the reason for
that is because it's actually,
when ES modules are actually
implemented in node and
if we're using native modules
this would actually not work.
It might be a syntax error but cert,
at least would be a runtime error.
So this monkey patching business of
modules is not an optimal solution.
So, we'll deal with that
in a later exercise.
The other thing,
the other problem with this is that,
let's say that if we call getWinner
too many times in this function.
Or if we call it the wrong way,
then things can really blow up.
And so as soon as you mock something, or
you create a fake version
of something in your test.
You're severing any confidence
that you have integration
between that fake thing and
whatever you're testing.
Because now,
let's say that somewhere down the line.
Here I'm gonna get rid of that
annoying ESLint thing here.
So let's say somewhere down the line,
our dependency or somebody whose writing
this decides that they wanna have, like
maybe put a game or something like that.
Some additional options or something,
if we're still using our mock then
actually our test still passed.
But the code is totally busted.
And so that's what I mean by mocking
something you're severing your ability to
be confident about that thing because
now you have no way of knowing if you're
calling that thing properly.
And so there are some things that
you can do to overcome this.
There's definitely a reason
to mock things sometimes.
Like sometimes you really can't charge
somebody's credit card during your test.
I don't have enough money in my account.
So sorry we can't run the test today,
the CTO maxed out his credit card.
Yeah, so that's not reasonable.
So we do need to do some sort
of mocking at some point.
But if there is something we can do to
sort of restore that confidence in some
way, then that would be
a really helpful thing.
That's actually called
contract testing to test that
the integration is working properly.
And we're not actually going to
get into the contract testing, but
we're gonna get somewhere a little bit
closer to that with our next exercise.